Perusal words and things to know
Well if you read the first two exercises and have done it .You may have used “cd” ,”mkdir”,”dir”.
“cd” stands for change directory.It means you’re moving into a file for example my file name is
“lemonjuice”.So to enter in lemonjuice through terminal,We will type “cd lemonjuice” ;now you have
entered the file.Now let’s suppose you want to go back then you can type “cd ..” . “cd ..” takes
you to the parent folder of the folder you were in .Now comes “mkdir”.mk refers to make and dir refers
to directory , in simple terms folder.Now let’s say I want to make a directory(folder) name “orangejuice"
then we can type “mkdir orangejuice” and a folder/directory/repository is made in you laptop .Last but not
least is dir .When you type “dir” , the list of of files you have in that folder shows up . You can also
use “ls”. Now let say I have folder named “applejuice” and it has many files so now if I want those files’
names show up in my terminal ,I will type “ls”
and BOOM! Now I can see all the files name in applejuice.
Exercise-0
Here we will be setting up everything to write, run code in python. The book will say you to start notepad++
instead of using a real IDE(Integrated.Development.Kit). Notepad++ is a text code editor as the writer mentioned.
I would say you to start with Pycharm which is an IDE for python especially. Besides the book also say to download
python2 instead of python3.Python 3 is more in-demand and python2 is outdated.So start with Pycharm and python3.In
these exercise you will need to make a directory and move into it through terminal.
Exercise-1
In these exercise you will start writing code. So now open the python file you saved last time named ex1(mentioned by book).
Starting with most easiest python function print().By using print u can show up any text,number,image. Here we are gonna write
print(“Hello,World”) which when you run shows, Hello World. Important thing to note , when in a function if there is “” then we
to understand that it’s a string and if there is not that’s an integer . For example (“1”)-is a string & (1)-is a integer.
These thing named data types of python are explained more in the upcoming pages of the book.Besides in the book it shows that print() is typed
print “Hello,World!” instead of print(“Hello,World”) cause that’s pyhton2 and this is python3 .See the difference? It might become your habit
not giving the braces which are very important.

Exercises-2
Comments!One of the most important thing . To write a comment in python we at first need to type “#”
which is commonly known as hashtag .when there is “#” in a line ,python ignores that line and moves on.
Comments help us to understand what really is happening. Let’s suppose you have written a code 2 months ago .
When you open it , you understand nothing ,everything is kind of topsy turvy cause it’s hard to read through
the whole code and understand .That’s when comments become helpful. It helps you and others where to pick
up from and what’s really happening.
Exercise-3
+	plus
-	minus
/	division
*	multiplication
%	the remainder of the division
<	less than
>	greater than
<=	less than or equal
>=	greater or equal
!=	Not equals to
==	equals to
Remember this “=” and this “==” has difference.
= means your assigning or setting it’s value and == means equal .Besides I recommend to do all the STUDY DRILLS
